Tidy up README.md (#103)
leudz/shipyard: README.md

If you have any question or want to follow the development more closely join the [Zulip](https://shipyard.zulipchat.com).

There's two big learning resources:

> - (Soon™) The Tutorial for people new to ECS or who prefer to learn by making things.

Reviewer: I agree with the `who`, however I'd suggest:

> (Soon™) The Tutorial for people who are new to ECS or prefer to learn by making a project.

In terms of "things" vs. "a project", it's a bit nitpicky, but I prefer "a project"... "things" feels a little too vague. I don't feel strongly about that at all though, either way

Reviewer 2: I agree with @dakom, maybe we'll find a better way to end the sentence but I prefer "a project" to "things".
```suggestion
- (Soon™) The Tutorial for people new to ECS or who prefer to learn by making a project.
```

- [The Guide](https://leudz.github.io/shipyard/guide) for people that already know how to use an ECS and mostly want to learn Shipyard's syntax.  

>   It also goes into greater depth and provides useful recipes for common design patterns.

Reviewer 2: Currently there are three recipes: a migration guide, a design pattern and an example of how to use shipyard with seed. Maybe it's best to not specify what they are for.
```suggestion
  It also goes into greater depth and provides useful recipes.
```

## Let there be SparseSets

> I initially started to make an ECS to learn how they work. After a failed attempt and some research, I started to work on Shipyard.

Reviewer: I don't think "they" is correct. The subject here is "an ECS", singular.

An example sentence that might make it clearer:
"I received applications from many candidates, but then I interviewed Bob to see how ~they think~ he thinks"

I agree with the `After a` change, nice touch :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I initially started to make an ECS to learn how it works. After a failed attempt and some research, I started to work on Shipyard.
```

[Specs](https://github.com/amethyst/specs) was already well established as the go-to Rust ECS but I thought I could do better and went with [EnTT](https://github.com/skypjack/entt) core data-structure: `SparseSet`.

It's extremely flexible and is the core data structure behind Shipyard.  
I wouldn't say Shipyard is better or worse than Specs, it's just different.

## Systems

> Systems makes it very easy to split your logic in manageable chunk. Shipyard takes the concept quite far.

Reviewer: This is a tricky one, I'm not actually sure. Gotta consult Strunk and White :)

My gut feeling tells me Systems is plural so it's `make`, but on the other hand `Systems` is itself almost a proper name here, almost like Cheerios. I'd like towards `make` but could be wrong.

Reviewer 3: I think that "makes" would technically be right since it should be read as "[the idea of] systems makes it very easy...", i.e. it's not the systems themselves that make it easy, it's the act of thinking in terms of systems. Although "make" sounds better to me and I think that's reasonable too 🤷‍♂️

Also, s/chunk/chunks/ later in the sentence 🙂

Author: Sorry – I think this change should be reverted (make not makes). I don't think `Systems` is a proper noun.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Systems make it very easy to split your logic in manageable chunks. Shipyard takes the concept quite far.
```
